c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GlobalSolutions.exe.config
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GlobalSolutions.exe
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GlobalSolutions.pdb
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.g.resources
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.exe
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.pdb
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.baml
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\Fonts.baml
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\TextBoxes.baml
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardControl.g.cs
c:\users\dracolich\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardControl.baml
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardsList.g.cs
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardsList.baml
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.dll
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\PropertyChanged.xml
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\Popup.g.cs
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\Popup.baml
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GemCard.dll
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GemCard.pdb
C:\Users\DracoLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GemCard.xml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GlobalSolutions.exe.config
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.exe
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.pdb
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GlobalSolutions.exe
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\bin\Debug\GlobalSolutions.pdb
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardControl.g.cs
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardsList.g.cs
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\Popup.g.cs
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\Buttons.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\Fonts.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\Styles\TextBoxes.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardControl.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\CardsList.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\UserControls\Popup.baml
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.g.resources
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\RADSOFT\Projects\AutoTest\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\GlobalSolutions\obj\Debug\GlobalSolutions.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
